doc: nrf54l15 update features of (#18307)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54l/features.rst

* Zephyr page on the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15`
* :ref:`installation` and :ref:`configuration_and_build` documentation to install the |NCS| and learn more about its development environment.

RISC-V core
***********

> VPR core, named *fast lightweight peripheral processor* (FLPR), is designed to support the RISC-V instruction set, featuring key enhancements that enable efficient handling of basic and complex operations, as well as streamlined instruction processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF54L15 DK has VPR core named *fast lightweight peripheral processor* (FLPR).
It is designed to support the RISC-V instruction set, and features key enhancements that enable efficient handling of basic and complex operations, as well as streamlined instruction processing.
```
Both VPR and FLPR could also have the term formatting added to them, but that's not something that has to be done.

It can be used as either a standalone processor or as a helper core.

> As a helper processor, VPR specializes in managing tasks that require real-time attention or low power consumption, effectively boosting the performance of the main processor.

Reviewer: Should this be FLPR since we went to the trouble of pointing out the name?

Could also add a paragraph break before this line, especially if Line 23 is supposed to only apply when used as a helper core.

It is versatile, capable of operating independently or as an integrated peripheral, with accessible components for easy control and customization.

Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M)
*************************

Trusted Firmware-M provides a configurable set of software components to create a Trusted Execution Environment.

> It has replaced Secure Partition Manager as the solution used by |NCS| applications and samples.

Reviewer: Has nRF54L15 ever had SPM? If not, I don't think we need the mention here.

> This means that when you build your application with CMSE enabled, the :ref:`TF-M <ug_tfm>` is automatically included in the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that when you build your application with CMSE enabled, :ref:`TF-M <ug_tfm>` is automatically included in the build.
```
I don't think the link here is necessary. Could be on the introducing line instead, or taken out completely since the link is presented later for more information.

For available libraries, see :ref:`lib_bluetooth_services` (|NCS|) and :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_api` (Zephyr).

Bluetooth Mesh
--------------

Bluetooth Mesh operates on Bluetooth Low Energy (LE), and is implemented according to Bluetooth Mesh Profile Specification v1.0.1 and Bluetooth Mesh Model Specification v1.0.1.
For the application core, the |NCS| provides several :ref:`bt_mesh_samples`.
In addition, you can find Bluetooth Mesh samples with :ref:`Bluetooth samples in Zephyr <zephyr:bluetooth-samples>`.

IEEE 802.15.4
=============

> RADIO's implementation of the IEEE 802.15.4 MAC layer frame technology enhances network efficiency and reliability through intelligent decoding of frame control fields, which manage types, addressing, and control flags.

Reviewer: Who or what is RADIO, and why is the name in all-caps?

Author: reworded
